During this module,
we covered how to and why component tests with Spring Boot application.
When writing automated tests for the projects we support,
it is important we also test how our application
interacts with the libraries it depends upon.
Doing so allows us to upgrade library dependencies with confidence,
allowing us to take advantage of the latest features in a library,
and makes sure your application remains secure by
bringing in the latest security passes.
During this module,
we also covered many of the tools the Spring Boot team has created
to make testing Spring Boot applications easier.
In this course,
we will continue exploring writing automated tests to see how an application interacts with external systems.